Which multi-movement structure is the Sonata form commonly used for as the First of the Four movements
Which genre grouped dances of the same key together?
Mannhiem School contribute to the developement of which genre?
What is a concerto with concertino?
What is vocal music without accompaniment?
What is a  medieval dance with elaborate body movements, danced by couples?
What is a secular song composed by trouvère and troubadour?
Which genre added melodic lines to already existing Gregorian chant, has primary harmonic intervals with parallel motion in early styles?
Which is usually in 3-4 movements, the first in sonata form
Which is music for small ensemble?
Which is the most popular chamber ensemble of the Classical era?
Which is usually improvised, displaying virtuosity?
Which is an orchestral work with 4 contrasting movements, the orchestra in 4 families? 
What is the sacred version of opera?
What is Italian comic opera?
What precedes opera/oratorios
What is German comic opera?
Which composition's 2nd movement uses rondo form?
Which composition uses string quartet as its performing forces
Which madrigal uses nonsense syllables?
Which Mass was written after The Reformation
Which Motet employs polytextuality?
Which composition from Fitzwilliam Virginal Book has 8 variations and demonstrate idiomatic writing for keyboard instruments?
Which piece best demonstrate responsorial singing
Which opera did Henry Purcell compose?
Which piece uses the four movement sonata cycle?
Which piece best demonstrate the use of doublt exposition?
Which suite uses orchestra as performing forces
Which suite uses harpsichord as performing forces
Which piece uses elements of an opera but is performed in a concert setting?
Which opera did Claudio Monteverdi compose?
Which composer uses homorhythmic texture and points of imitation in his Motet?
Who is the most renowned composer of the Franco-Flemish School
Who wrote Moro, lasso, al mio duolo? 
Who wrote My Bonny Lass She Smileth
Who is the most celebrated and significant composer of French ars nova style?
Who wrote Kyrie from Messe de Nostre Dame
Who wrote Ava Maria...virgo serena?
Who wrote Gloria from Missa Pappae Marcelli
Who wrote Carman's Whistle
Who wrote L'Orfeo
Who wrote Dido and Aeneas
Who wrote Giulio Cesare in Egitto
Who wrote Cantata No.80, Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott
Who wrote Brandenburg Concerto No.2 in F major
Who wrote La poule from Nouvelle suites de pieces?
Who wrote Water Music: Suite in D Major, HWV 349
Who wrote Symphony No.104 in D major ("London")
Who wrote the Creation
Who wrote Piano Conerto in G Major
Who wrote Marriage of Figaro?
Who wrote Piano Sonata in C Minor
Who wrote string Quartet in C sharp Minor, op.131
Who replaced menuet and trio with scherzo and trio?
Who expanded orchestra to include piccolo, trombone, and contrabassoon?
Who was the father of symphony?
Who was the father of string quartet?
Who used monothematic exposition in sonata form?
Who wanted to restore dramatic integrity to opera?
Who used counterpoint within homophonic texture especially skillfully?
Who used double-exposition sonata form in the first movement of concertos?
Who perfected existing forms such as cantatas?
Who wrote the Essay on the True Art of Playing Keyboard Instruments
What is monophonic texture?
What is polyphonic texture?
What is polytextuality?
What is syllabic text setting?
What is neumatic text setting?
What is melismatic text setting?
Gregorian Chant
Organum
Motet (Middle Ages)
Chanson
Dance Music
Mass (Middle Ages)
Motet (Renaissance)
Mass (Renaissance)
Madrigal
Keyboard Music
Opera
Cantata
Concerto Grosso
Suite
Symphony
Oratorio
Concerto 
Opera
Sonata
Chamber Music